Add alert for high volume level 1 blocks queried (#11803)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

- Ensure ingesters are successfully shipping blocks to the storage
- Look for any error in the compactor logs

### MimirHighVolumeLevel1BlocksQueried

This alert fires when the store-gateway is querying level 1 blocks for more than 6 hours, indicating that the compactor may not be keeping up with compaction work.

How it **works**:

> - Level 1 blocks are the result of the first compaction level and contain less optimized data compared to higher-level blocks

Author: ```suggestion
- Level 1 blocks are deduplicated 2-hour blocks and contain less optimized data compared to higher-level blocks
```

- Ensure ingesters are successfully shipping blocks to the storage
- Look for any error in the compactor logs

### MimirHighVolumeLevel1BlocksQueried

This alert fires when the store-gateway is querying level 1 blocks for more than 6 hours, indicating that the compactor may not be keeping up with compaction work.

How it **works**:

> - Level 1 blocks are deduplicated 2-hour blocks and contain less optimized data compared to higher-level blocks

Author: i thought level 1 are just 2-hour blocks which have been through compaction once?

but now I realize that this may not mean that they have been deduplicated. Is it that they've gone through the split phase of the compactor only?

@pracucci

> - Level 1 blocks are deduplicated 2-hour blocks and contain less optimized data compared to higher-level blocks

Author: that's strange because we see level 0 in some blocks 
<img width="715" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-27 at 00 35 45" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/78cdac2c-e043-4ded-8d87-f9aa968e4a62" />

> - Level 1 blocks are deduplicated 2-hour blocks and contain less optimized data compared to higher-level blocks

Author: figured it out - see https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/11891
